feat: dotnetcore3.1 support (#24)
awslabs/aws-sam-cli-app-templates: dotnetcore3.1/dotnetcore3.1/cookiecutter-aws-sam-hello-dotnet/README.md

# Cookiecutter SAM for dotNet based Lambda functions

> This is a [Cookiecutter](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter) template to create a Serverless Hello World App based on Serverless Application Model (SAM) and dotnet 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a [Cookiecutter](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter) template to create a Serverless Hello World App based on Serverless Application Model (SAM) and dotnet 3.1.
```
